At If there is one thing that stands
above everything else.
One thing that drives us.
Truly being there for our customers.
That means putting our heart into our
customers lives.
Their relationships,
their connections, the things they value
and their peace of mind.
So we've created a visual identity
that peels away the unnecessary,
that reduces complexity,
making complex matters, easy to understand
and draws attention to what matters the
most
in a simply personal way.
Beige is our warm canvas that enables
flexibility and structure to our offer.
The blue plays a prominent role
as our sender id, blue gives us the
universal benefit of signaling attention
into action and activation.
A number of supporting colors are used to
clarify
our statistics and numbers,
our images focus on what's most
important,
both in composition and by using depth
of field.
Our typography is inspired by handwriting
If Sans is an airy and clean typeface.
It has the ability to mimic acts of care
and
support, like the way it can connect
its closest character.
At its core we have a visual identity
designed to bring clarity to our offer,
an expression that is stunning in its
simplicity
while radiating emotion.
A visual identity that emphasizes
the very heart and soul of our brand.
Truly being there, simple, personal.